generate me an introduction to accomplishment report about my work experience at Human Incubator Inc., and I will provide some information based on it.

What is Human Incubator Inc.:
		Human Incubator Inc. (HII) was established in April 2021. Certified in both ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 27001:2013, Hll has a combined experience of over thirty years in Information Technology and Business Consulting space.

		Hll designs software with user experience in mind. There’s the cloud-based EasyFS, an accounting and financial information system; EasyHR a payroll and HRIS solution; and EasyPOS, the BIR-accredited point of sale and inventory management system.

		Company Profile:
Hll is your Offshore Development Center for Lab Contracting and Systems Development Contracting. Our English speaking software engineers help you build your projects without the pain of permanent hiring.

		In Business Consulting, Hll specializes in helping Japanese businesses find the best opportunities in the Philippines. Our proactive consultants are always respectful of the diversity of ideas, and offer learning -focused consultations.

		Hll is the latest portfolio of Dr. Hiroshi Oka’s Group of Companies, a Japanese conglomerate with a revenue of USD36 million including Human Investor, Inc., a member of the College of American Pathologist.

My experiences:
	Digital Marketing
		Making product awareness posts.
		Making a hiring ad banner.
		Developing BIR Tax deadline posts.
		Generating keywords and content for boosting SEO.
		Managing Social Media (Twitter, Facebook, Tiktok).
		Help managing a webinar for Human Incubator Inc. Products.
                Creating video advertisement for tiktok, facebook and twitter EasyPos

	Business Analytics
		Editing a demo video about the company's Easy Series Products (easyFS, easyPOS, easyHR).
		Creating a video and script about easyPOS.
		Monitor Google analytics for websites trafic.

	Wordpress Developer
		Updating, optimizing and Creating pages in Human Incubator Inc. website.
		Monitor site health using SEMRush.
		Monitor pagespeed of company related websites
		Fixing or debuging frontend problem in company Japan Website.
		Translating the pages of the Japan website into English, Chinese, Korean.
		Create a page for product and service page with responsive of hiro-singapore.com website.
		Generating a content for hiro-singapore.com website.
                
	Graphics Design
		Creating a logo to propose for GENEMEDIT LTD. website.
		Redesign hiring ads for Human Incubator Inc. company.
                Designing a presentation for Webinar.
                
